doc: mostly load-balancer to load balancer (#913)
metallb/metallb: website/content/configuration/_index.md

---

MetalLB remains idle until configured. This is accomplished by

> creating and deploying a config map into the same namespace

Reviewer: This is referencing a type of Kubernetes resource.  Maybe it should be `ConfigMap` ?
```suggestion
creating and deploying a `ConfigMap` into the same namespace
```

Author: I favor lower case text without styling whenever possible.  Overwhelmingly, references to API objects like config maps, deployments, pods, and so on are more readable as plain text.  I acknowledge that this is often subjective.

Reviewer: Thanks. I was mostly interested in your opinion and happy to go with what you suggest.
